<h2>Design brief:</h2>

<p> The first graph, a grouped bar chart, shows the average bill length of penguins, grouped by the species and island, which is how the Palmer penguins scientists categorized the penguins, and then split into two bars per group based on sex. It answers the question of how species and sex impact bill size, and the very minimal variations between the three islands that Adelie penguins were observed on. I used shades to denote the sexes because I didn't want them to be too dramatically differentiated, and chose a muted aqua palette inspired by the arctic. </p>

<p> The second graph, a polar area chart, shows the average body mass in grams of the penguins, grouped by the same metrics as above. I wanted all the graphs to show a cohesive narrative about penguin sizes by different measurements. The chart illustrates how male Gentoo penguins are almost double the weight of female Adelie penguins on average. I chose a similar family of hues to the chart above, but included more variations because I wanted the reader to perceive each chunk of the area chart separately. </p>

<p> The third graph, a scatterplot, shows the relationship between flipper length and body mass in female Chinstrap penguins on Dream Island, which is on average one of the median penguins in size. I wanted to explore whether body mass and flipper length were directly correlated as a measure of size, but found only loose correlation and many outliers, which is interesting to look at. I removed the legend on this chart because the 30-or-so data points are all labelled the same in the database, so I didn't think it was important to differentiate when doing a deep dive on one specific type of penguin. </p>
